Remember to spend your skill points!
All monsters behave differently, keep an eye on their tags as they will list most special powers and behaviors!
Some monsters are extra powerful, these are called Champions. They are much more dangerous than regular monsters, but will award with more loot and experience!
Spells and abilities that own their own don't seem so useful are often very useful in combination with certain other spells or abilities, especially in co-op!
There are many optional quests to complete and many secrets to find, all of which are highly rewarding!
Part of being a good fighter is knowing when you are outmatched and should retreat. You can't win every fight.
Keep an eye out for items with red colored text, these are very powerful, and will sometimes alter your abilities drastically!
There are five different equipment rarities; Ordinary, Enchanted, Rare, Unique, and Legendary. However, some claim there is more...
Most main areas will have a waypoint spawn somewhere in them, find this to be able to quickly return to the area later.
Be on the lookout for Shrines! They may provide you with temporary powerful bonuses, or reward you with loot!
Sarek in The Chronicon will purchase any goods you don't need. He'll also periodically update his own stock with fresh equipment and potions!
You can use a Scroll of Return at any time to get back to the Chronicon. However some special areas are restricted from portal use.
Are you lost or don't know what to do? Check your Quest Log for clues!
Need help with something, or do you find something confusing? Check out the Help index in the menu!
Do you feel the game is a bit too dark? Change the "Extra Ambient Light" setting on the Video & Interface options.
Did you know you can rebind all keys, including the gamepad, for all players? Check out the controls in the options menu!
Too easy or too hard? Remember that you can change the difficulty setting from the Load Hero menu!
Collecting a full item set may be difficult, but the set bonuses makes it worth it!
Starting from level 30, Legendary class sets can be found. These are some of the best in the game!
Tarot in The Chronicon has some of the most valuable items in the world.. maybe. Take a gamble and see if you get lucky!
Too many or perhaps too few numbers on the screen in combat? Check out the Video and Interface options to customize your experience!
On higher difficulties you definitely want to invest in defensive skills and auras. Also keep a look out for items with resistance bonuses!
Once you reach level 100, you unlock a new tier of equipment only found on Legendary difficulty!
Confused or unsure about what a specific stat does? Check out the Help section in the menu!
When you beat the story you should have a word with Tinka... he's been working on something special!
True Legendary items can be found on the Legendary difficulty, and higher. You must be level 100, and you cannot gamble them!
Your difficulty level also affects the chance to roll higher base stats on all items!
Remember, once you've unlocked Gemma, you can place sockets on any item!
Don't forget to Augment your favorite enchants at Chantie's!
Overpower is a great stat to have, especially on high difficulties. It allows you to ignore some of your foe's resistances!
Don't forget that Gemma can help you upgrade your gems!
You can customize your interface in many ways in the options menu!
You can customize your visual settings, such as bloom effects, in the options menu!
Grab new Active skills as soon as you can to keep on top of things!
You can hold Force Attack (Default: shift) to prevent looting during combat!
Found a bug? Report it and watch it get squished!
You can swap between selected Active skills without resetting your entire build by right-clicking them in your skill tree and selecting Swap.
There are many Transmutation recipes, and some are completely hidden! You may find clues in the game world or on item texts.
Remember that you can talk to Korem to reset or edit your skill point allocations!
Korem also allows you to export your build, so you can swap between several builds quickly, or share them with friends!